In the last lecture
you learned about function declaration and expression. Now
the key difference between these two functions, is we can call this function
the one that is defined using the function declaration syntax,
before it is defined. So here, we can call
walk, save the changes, and we get this message
on the console. But we cannot do this without a function that is
defined using the function expression syntax. So here,
if I call run before it is initialized
I get this error. Uncaught reference
error. Run is not defined. This is exactly like using
a variable or a constant before it is defined. For example,
here I'm going to define x,
and set it to 1, but I want to log it on the console,
before it's declaration. Look, we get
the same error. Reference error, x is not defined.
So,
we can call a function that is defined using the function declaration
syntax before it's definition, but why is that?
The reason for this is because when our JavaScript engine executes
this code, it moves all the function declarations to the
top, so our code will look like this at run time.
This is what we call hoisting. So if you are
at a job interview and someone asks you "what is hoisting in JavaScript?"
Hoisting is the process of moving function declarations to the top
of the file. And this is done automatically by the JavaScript
engine that is executing this code. So that's the reason we can
call functions that are defined using the function declaration syntax
before their definition.